Questions

Since JS is asynchronous, any of the functions/lines can be initiated anytime. That’s why if you have setTimeout(alert, 1000)
 and then console.log(“something”) it’ll still console.log something before it runs the alert function. But then if we have
 2 console.log functions will it always come out the first and then second? Will it ever switch because of the asynchronous property?

What exactly are module patterns? Are they same as closures? Anonymous immediately executable functions?

Maximum sub array problem, isnt the crossing midpoint function still called recursively each time we call the original function?
 Cuz the array is halved and we still see the crossing midpoint of that half i think…

For max sub array question for the crossing midpoint helper, needed it to go from mid-1 to 0, and mid to high, rather than mid to 0, and mid +1 to high.
 This yielded different results with the former being correct. Does the base case always have to be slightly smaller like the left side of the divide needs to be smaller?
 Esp. weird since I was looking at the CLRS algo for reference and they had mid to 0, and mid + 1 to high.



Feedback

Got a bit stuck on the project, but it's fun experimenting with the code to see what comes out so this is cool.
I just don't have a lot of knowledge on networks in general so if you have more resources on server client relationships stuff like that,
would be bueno. Oh like when you were asking me what's exactly going on when you type something in search bar in grubhub, and when you
press enter, etc. I'd appreciate another recap lesson on that.

The textbook was actually surprisingly easy to read along so I'm pretty hyped, but I can't say how much of the information I really
digested and understood thoroughly. I feel like I need a bit more time to fully take in the readings, but more exposure in general
might be better so I'll keep powering thru. Youtube algorithms guy is awesome, very nice resource haha.

This took significantly more time than the previous iterations, but I wanna see if I can continue to keep up with this pace. If you can also
give your own answers to the questions you assign (both concepts and coding), that would be awesome, at least for the parts you think are really important.
Tanks senpai!
