For Internal (one page) add <style> instead.
Use the <script> element to attach js files to webpages (e.g. <script type="text/javascript" src="scripts.js"></script> )


What is an API?
Application Programming Interface. Helps software programming by specifying how software components should
interact. Has all the basic blocks, routines, protocols, tools available so the programmer can easily
put them together and make a working software application. (e.g. google maps api 

What is a SPA (Single page application)?
Web apps that load a single HTML page and dynamically update that page as the user interacts with the app.

What is a callback in Javascript? Why are they so fundamental to JS?
A function that is passed to another function. Since functions are first class citizens, we can nest them inside each other
and use the results as variables for other functions. Not executed immediately, only passing the function definition. Callback
is executed in the body of the containing function later on. Essential for asynchronous programming by allowing the CPU to do other stuff 
instead of waiting idly until it gets a reply/result from the function. 

What is REST?
Representational state transfer. A system/way of "providing interoperability between computer systems on the internet."
So it's like a defined set of rules for retrieving requests, and the result gives you the next resource. (traversing through links)

What is JSON?
JavaScript Object Notation. Text syntax for storing and exchanging data easily and clearly. Only text can be sent when exchanging data
between browser and server, and we can use JSON to convert any JavaScript object for simple parsing and transferring.

What is the separation of presentation and content? How does it apply to HTML/CSS/JS?
An Idiom/philosophy to basically make a distinction between the actual meaning of the document and the presentation
of the meaning to readers. JS contains the semantics, logic, info, content, data, etc., CSS provides the aesthetic presentation, design, 
style, graphics, etc., and HTML joins the two together. 